you
[Music]
um good weather alert I don't play
basketball or just worked out in general
and so long I'm so excited I I just did
the most stupid thing
so FedEx guy came thank goodness I was
here cuz for the past three times that
FedEx and UPS tried to drop something
off I wasn't here yes is probably time
to get APO box but I was scouring my
apartment for my keys because the FedEx
guy ring bell so you know just like I'll
just meet him downstairs students have
to walk up five floors upstairs
anyways couldn't find my keys I left my
keys in my door like who does that to be
fair when I'm coming inside I do always
have my hands full whether it's like my
booster board my bag and stuff but get
it together Sarah yeah some of you guys
didn't know
I I played basketball I was quite a
baller back in the day I played in
school I've kind of I've lost a little
bit of game but you know what they say
once a baller always a baller right how
exciting shades so my apartment is kind
of a mess again
but I'm working on it I'm working on it
sometime later I need to put shades on
here and put chains on here the main New
York City apartment things that are left
is just some some decoration some art of
some sort and plants
I love tents so god I got to get some
plants in my life there's one thing that
I hate more than traffic then cooking
it's laundry it's the worst a lot of you
guys last time I talked about laundry
and a blog I promise this won't become a
normal thing last time I talked about
laundry you're like Sarah that's a waste
of time to do your own laundry and go to
on your mat I hang dry like half my
stuff so that really doesn't work and
the people who do everyone's laundry
lovely people but they put everyone's
laundry in the same basket to then
transfer to the dryer and they fold
everyone's stuff on the same dirty
counter that looks like it hasn't been
washed and forevers and it's already
kind of gross to me that I'm sharing a
washer and dryer with the masses of New
York City I'm not a germaphobe I just
just kind of Christ's me up I got lots
of editing to do I'm the creative spaces
TV episode coming out this week's
[Music]
that crazy faces TV Etta took so long
these edits are getting to be a ton and
the hopes and dreams ahead Kurt for
creative spaces TV I'm definitely going
to have to get other people involved
sometime soon because doing everything
on my own is driving me crazy but it
turn out to be a great episode it's
about a NYC street artist you should
check it out now watch it so I know what
a lot of you guys were thinking Sara
have you seen that website where you can
make your own Lacroix Sam
of course of course I have just been
getting text messages and tweets and I
just wanna I just want to show you what
my new header of my Twitter profile is
now I'm looking excited actually towards
an object look at that face she's so
excited to have some stay peachy Lacroix
one day one day I cannot put into words
how beautiful it is outside in New York
City today it's 70 degrees it's sunny so
I think it's time for an adventure it's
adventure time but I need to go pick up
a friend so come pick up the trip with
me the helicopter I know something just
happened on 32nd and Broadway
and that's the direction I'm going to I
don't know if I want to go that way like
there's like two officers down
someone shanked an officer it's like a
meat cleaver
we shall see gone faster than the car
let's race
[Music]
me enough of my homies this is Jared say
hey Jared what's up and then just talk
just talk guys this is Mike shepherd
not Sam Shepard although you may have
heard I use it in Sam's whoa yes and we
have the exact same voice but a year
older so I had it first yeah I had it
first that's amazing that stands brother
Mike he's an awesome dude we were gonna
go boost it Tim Williams burg woo
those purple trucks
it's time
[Music]
so this is why you wear a helmet people
it's my house yeah look I went
face-first some just cut me off from
behind on the freakin what is this
bridge Williamsburg Bridge I felt like
space first and broke the camera like my
rx100 and my limbs on my phone is
completely crashed
like super shaken up Sarah from the
future here
the accident was pretty bad I was going
up the Winnsboro bridge with my friend
Mike a biker decided that she needed to
be in front of me so she went around me
into the opposing traffic and tried to
get over in front of me back into the
proper lane too quickly and she just
completely sideswiped me with her bike
in person my board just completely
stopped and I went flying I fell
headfirst and I was wearing my helmet
and so the helmet took like the helmet
my elbows and my hips took the initial
blows and the impact of my head against
the ground and my head just jumping back
so fast really messed up my neck it's
two days later now and my neck is just
so screwed up but he chick guys she was
such an oh she did come back briefly and
was like oh and when I was like what is
your problem you literally sideswiped me
the only thing that she kept saying was
uh this is a bike lane this is a bike
lane skateboard shouldn't be in bike
lanes I was on my electric skateboard
going faster than she was it was such an
upsetting situation because she was such
a jerk but the most upsetting part was
my camera and my iphone that all just
like flew onto the crown and just got
totally destroyed
I had a corrupted file on my SD card and
so I thought I captured the accident I
spent all day yesterday so sorry this
vlog is late and money on recovering
this final I finally recovered it and
then I discovered it did not actually
capture the fall I would have been
completely fine with this terrible wreck
if I got it on camera and I would be
able to make an epic
video about it that would have been
fantastic and I would have been able to
expose this lame excuse of a Brooklyn
hipster person who ran me over but this
was the last frame before the accident
the only thing that you should get out
of this is if you're doing anything
between walking or driving wear a helmet
because it literally saved my face your
noggin is where all of your brilliant
ideas come from and all of just that's
you and you want to protect it at all
costs so wear a helmet
we have our working
yeah
hey hi I can't see you because my
camera's broken because of the jerk that
ran me over on the bridge I'm so glad
you're okay honnestly it's another
Shepherd so there there are other Kevin
Rogers whoo-whoo
inception yeah they're just getting a
lot of the shepherds we are we're
camping out for the iPhone 7 there are
no pluses in the store but I'm going to
do my best boo to get a iPhone 7 in and
man i pre-ordered the iPhone 7 plus
silver I like everything solders I'm
good I just wanted to
you're charging yeah flying is the only
solar eclipse my camera is slightly
bright so going to go check on my
booster board it's an Apple Store
charging it's still there no one has
stolen it they need to update these
Apple update your displays look how
majestic the screen is
so beautiful it's a very nice Apple
store
on the eve of the iPhone release
it's pies
what is an Apple stakeout
Vinny's pizza got the pizza
they're gonna be waiting out all night
for that iPhone lifespan I am hung out
with every single Shepherd role in one
day no this is the other shepper brother
well there's four of us so are all other
Scheffer brothers if you go that's true
one Scheffer brother two Scheffer three
and then mike is the fourth plus seven
plus seven and now Sarah's a shepherd
also yeah I'm part of the squad watch
mommy
boosted soif antics yeah it's lit its
lit until you fall off the he is so much
for watching and bearing with me as I
adjust to going back to my Monday
Wednesday Friday schedule Monday
Friday's vlog Wednesday's special day
special videos right now I'm in and it
will create a spaces TV if you have not
watched the recent episode of created
space TV you can check it out now let me
know what you think but yeah thank you
so much for hanging out with me I will
see you in the next one on Monday so
very soon stay peachy okay bye
[Music]
my name is Mark Sampson ovitch I'm an
artist I live in work in Jersey City my
work is based